Improve Serilog log injection doc (#436)
signalfx/signalfx-dotnet-tracing: docs/correlating-traces-with-logs.md

# Correlating traces with logs

If your application uses a supported logger,
you can configure log correlation to
include trace context in your application's logs.

To inject trace context fields in logs,

> enable log correlation by setting the environment variable
> `SIGNALFX_LOGS_INJECTION=true` before running your instrumented application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
enable log correlation by setting the `SIGNALFX_LOGS_INJECTION` 
environment variable to `true` before running your instrumented application.
```

> If your logger uses JSON logging format,
> then SignalFx Instrumentation for .NET automatically adds
> span context to the logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your logger uses JSON as the logging format,
the SignalFx Instrumentation for .NET automatically adds
span context to the logs.
```

> If your logger uses a different format,
> you may have to manually configure your
> logger to include the trace context fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your logger uses a different format,
you might have to manually configure your
logger to include the trace context fields.
```

- JSON format: `JsonLayout`
- Raw format: Custom layout (requires manual configuration)

Find samples here:

- [NLog 4.0.x](../tracer/samples/AutomaticTraceIdInjection/NLog40Example).
- [NLog 4.5.x](../tracer/samples/AutomaticTraceIdInjection/NLog45Example).
- [NLog 4.6.x](../tracer/samples/AutomaticTraceIdInjection/NLog45Example).

### Serilog

- Versions: 1.4.0 ≤ 2.*.*

Regardless of the output layout, your `LoggerConfiguration` must be
enriched from the LogContext to extract the trace context

> that is automatically injected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that is automatically injected. For example:
```

```csharp
var loggerConfiguration = new LoggerConfiguration()
    .Enrich.FromLogContext() // addition
```

Supported layouts:

- JSON format: `JsonFormatter`
- JSON format: `CompactJsonFormatter` (from the `Serilog.Formatting.Compact`
  NuGet package)
- Raw format: output template (requires manual configuration)

> When using the output template you can either use `{Properties}`
> to print out all contextual properties.
> 
> Alternatively, for more fine-grained control,
> you can use the trace context fields explicitly.
> The values MUST be wrapped in quotation marks.
> For instance, you can use following output template,
> which also transforms the field name
> (the log transformation step would not be required):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the output template you can either use `{Properties}`
to print out all contextual properties or add context fields manually.

When adding context fields manually, values must be wrapped in 
quotation marks. For instance, you can use following output template,
which also transforms the field name (the log transformation step would not be required):
```

Alternatively, for more fine-grained control,
you can use the trace context fields explicitly.
However, the values must be surrounded with a quotation mark.
For instance, you can use following output template,

> which also transforms the field names:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using trace context fields manually. wrap values in
quotation marks. For instance, you can use the following output template,
which also transforms the field names:
```

Author: The comment was done on outdated version 😉
